INDIA’S FIRST PRIVATE ROCKET VIKRAM-S IS LAUNCHED INTO SPACE
Indian startup Skyroot Aerospace launched the country’s first privately developed rocket, Vikram-S, into space on Friday with support from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).
Until now, the country’s space industry has been dominated by the state-run ISRO, but Skyroot Aerospace has opened up the sector to private companies.
“The rocket launch will help test and validate the majority of the technologies in the Vikram series of orbital class space launch vehicles, including many sub-systems and technologies that will be tested across the pre-lift off and post-lift off phases of the launch,” according to Skyroot Aerospace.
The rocket, weighing 546 kilograms (1203 pounds), was launched from the Sriharikota spaceport and reached an altitude of 89.5 kilometers (55.6 miles).
This mission symbolizes not just India’s first private rocket launch but also “the potential of new India,” said Pawan Kumar Chandana, co-founder of Skyroot Aerospace after the launch.
Skyroot Aerospace was launched in 2018 and is based in the southern tech hub of Hyderabad. It was founded by former ISRO engineers and has raised $68 million in funding, according to data firm Tracxn.
Last year, it became the first startup to enter into an agreement with ISRO to use the Indian space agency’s expertise and to access facilities.
The space race in the private sector is heating up around the world. Last year, billionaires Jeff Bezos and Richard Branson each took supersonic joy rides to the edge of space.
—
NBA SUPERSTAR LUKA DONCIC SAYS HE PREFERS CHESS TO TWITTER
Much of the world seems to be talking about Elon Musk’s takeover of Twitter and his decision to charge $8 a month for a blue tick, but Luka Doncic appears to have more cerebral pursuits on his mind when he switches on his phone.
After Musk’s $44 billion acquisition of Twitter was explained to the 23-year-old NBA star by a reporter at a media conference on Tuesday, all Doncic could respond with was a shrug of his shoulders and a simple reply.
“I just play chess on my phone,” said the Dallas Mavericks star.
The three-time All-NBA first teamer’s response prompted a follow-up question asking if the computer usually wins or if the basketball player does when he plays chess.
His answer was so typically Doncic: “I play online. But I win, mostly.”
It’s not the first time he’s shown his love for chess.
After his game-winning performance against the Boston Celtics in February 2021, Doncic was asked how he chooses how to dissect a defense.
“It’s like playing chess: you’ve got to take your time and see the moves,” he told TNT after his 31-point performance.
Last week, Twitter said it would re-introduce a grey “Official” badge for select accounts to help confirm their identities.
The decision came after Twitter was forced to fend off a wave of verified-account impostors, including some posing as former US President Donald Trump, Japanese gaming company Nintendo, and pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly, among others.
These accounts were the result of Musk’s decision to offer a blue check mark to any account holder willing to pay $8 a month, no questions asked, as he races to find new ways to make money from the platform.
Not that Doncic is averse to updating his Twitter feed.
A quick scroll through Doncic’s blue tick verified Twitter account sees him celebrating the first basketball court built in Europe by an NBA team – his Mavericks team built a court in his homeland of Slovenia.
And also showing his support for French football star Karim Benzema – who plays for Real Madrid which is where Doncic began is basketball career – following his Ballon D’Or victory in October.
The 26-year-old looks to be devoted sneakerhead, as he thanks on Twitter many of the shoemakers and sponsors he’s had in recent weeks.
—
FREIGHT RAILROADS SAY STRIKE CAN STILL BE AVOIDED
The trade group representing the nation’s freight railroads is confident that a strike by more than 100,000 union members can be avoided, even after rank-and-file members rejected the tentative labor deals reached earlier this fall.
So far three rail unions have rejected the proposed agreements and are set to go on strike as soon as Dec. 4. The two largest rail unions, which represent the conductors and engineers, are due to announce the results of their ratification votes on Monday. The nations’ major freight railroads negotiate together on industrywide labor contracts with each of the 12 railroad unions.
If even one union goes on strike, the other 11 would honor the picket lines and spark an industrywide strike that would shut down an estimated 30% of the nation’s freight movements, causing widespread disruptions to the nation’s supply chain and economy.
But one of the primary voices for the management side of the industry, Ian Jefferies, CEO of industry the Association of American Railroads, the industry trade group, says he is confident the railroads can still reach new deals with any union whose members rejected previous proposals, and that the new contracts would be acceptable to membership.
He points out that the Machinists’ union, one of the unions whose members initially rejected the deal, came back and ratified a slightly revised agreement, albeit with only 52% of members voting in favor.
“There’s absolutely opportunities if a ratification fails the first time to sit down and come to additional agreements and put that out and get the [tentative agreement] ratified,” Jefferies told CNN in an indepth interview Thursday. He said the “best outcome” for the industry is to reach agreements that can win ratification votes across all 12 unions.
But he added that if agreements can’t be reached, the industry believes it can get quick, bi-partisan action by Congress to block or end a strike.
“I don’t think it’s anyone’s goal to get Congress involved, but Congress has shown a willingness historically to intervene if necessary,” said Jefferies. He pointed to comment by Labor Secretary Marty Walsh, who “made clear on CNN less than two weeks ago that Congress would need to intervene in his opinion if voluntary agreements weren’t reached.”
One of the biggest points of contention now is sick pay. While management said provisions in existing contracts allow workers to take time off when they are sick, the unions say there are too many restrictions and penalties for workers to take sick days that many other workers take for granted. And they often aren’t paid when they can’t come to work due to illness or injury.
The unions have argued they should be allowed to strike without Congressional action to block a walk-out or order them back to work. The best way to avoid a strike, they say, is to have the railroads agree to union demands for paid sick days.
“Congress should not have to intervene. The railroads should provide paid sick leave to its employees,” said the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employee Division in a statement earlier this month. That union, which represents track maintenance workers, is one of three unions whose members rejected the previous labor deals.
“They have the money to do it, and it literally would cost them a penny of every dollar of record profits to provide it,” said BMWED. “It’s only 2% of what CSX, NS and UP spent so far this year in stock buybacks. It’s literally nothing to them, yet they refuse to provide it.”
But Jefferies said the railroads are only willing to reach new deals with the unions which are within framework of recommendations made by a three-member panel, known as a Presidential Emergency Board or PEB, appointed by President Joe Biden in July to hear from the two sides and come up with a compromise agreement.
“Some of the unions did ask for additional sick days. And the PEB report very clearly and articulately laid out its analysis of their request and determined … their request was not appropriate and it was explicitly rejected,” Jefferies said.
Despite railroad management so far rejecting union demands for paid sick days, he said is possible to reach a deal that will satisfy both union membership and management. While he wouldn’t discuss the details of proposals that might be acceptable to both sides, he said that a deal that is within the “framework” of the PEB recommendation “can take a lot of different faces.”
—
LAB-GROWN MEAT IS OK FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION, FDA SAYS
The US Food and Drug Administration has given a safety clearance to lab-grown meat for the first time.
Upside Foods, a California-based company that makes meat from cultured chicken cells, will be able to begin selling its products once its facilities have been inspected by the US Department of Agriculture.
The agency said it had evaluated the information submitted by Upside Foods and it had “no further questions at this time about the firm’s safety conclusion.”
How 'lab-grown' meat could help the planet and our health
“The FDA’s goal is to support innovation in food technologies while always maintaining as our first priority the safety of the foods available to U.S. consumers,” the statement added.
Upside Foods founder and CEO Uma Valeti said on Twitter that its cultivated chicken “was one step closer to being on tables everywhere.”
“UPSIDE has received our ‘No Questions Letter’ from the FDA,” Valeti tweeted. “They’ve accepted our conclusion that our cultivated chicken is safe to eat.”
He told CNN earlier this year that the process of making cultivated meat was “similar to brewing beer, but instead of growing yeast or microbes, we grow animal cells.”
“These products are not vegan, vegetarian or plant-based – they are real meat, made without the animal.”
Singapore was the first country to allow the sale of cultured meat. It granted San Francisco start-up Eat Just Inc. regulatory approval in 2020 to sell its laboratory-grown chicken in Singapore.
Advocates hope that cultured meat will reduce the need to slaughter animals for food and help with the climate crisis. The food system is responsible for about a quarter of global greenhouse gas emissions, most of which are from animal agriculture.
“We are thrilled at FDA’s historic announcement that, after a rigorous evaluation, UPSIDE Foods has become the first company in the world to receive the US FDA greenlight for cultivated chicken,” David Kay, director of communications at Upside Foods, said via email.
“At scale, cultivated meat is projected to use substantially less water and land than conventionally-produced meat.”
Although not technically an approval, the FDA said that a thorough pre-market consultation process had been completed. The clearance only applies to food made from cultured chicken cells by Upside, but the statement said the FDA “is ready to work with additional firms developing cultured animal cell food.”
—
TICKETMASTER CANCELS PUBLIC SALE FOR TAYLOR SWIFT’S ERAS TOUR DUE TO OVERWHELMING DEMAND
Anyone looking to buy a ticket to Taylor Swift’s new tour may be out of luck.
Ticketmaster said on Thursday that “due to extraordinarily high demands on ticketing systems and insufficient remaining ticket inventory to meet that demand,” Friday’s public ticket sales for Swift’s Eras Tour has been canceled.
The sudden cancellation comes after Ticketmaster said Thursday that more than two million tickets were sold Tuesday for her upcoming tour — the most ever sold for an artist in a single day. It caused a near meltdown of its website.
In a blog post Thursday, Ticketmaster explained that a “record number of fans” wanted to buy tickets to Swift’s Eras Tour, which begins next year. That prompted a massive slowdown in its platform and sparked outrage among her millions of fans who couldn’t purchase tickets.
Ticketmaster basically said that its “Verified Fans” system, a mechanism aimed at eliminating bots that gives presale codes to individuals, couldn’t keep up with the intense demand. Roughly 3.5 million people signed up for the program to buy Swift tickets, its “largest registration in history.” That unprecedented demand, combined with a “staggering number of bot attacks as well as fans who didn’t have invite codes” drove “unprecedented traffic” to its site, Ticketmaster said, and, essentially, broke it.
“Never before has a Verified Fan on sale sparked so much attention – or uninvited volume,” Ticketmaster said in the blog post. “This disrupted the predictability and reliability that is the hallmark of our Verified Fan platform.”
On Tuesday morning, Ticketmaster told CNN Business that the website was “not down” and that “people are actively purchasing tickets.” It added that “there has been historically unprecedented demand with millions showing up” to buy tickets for Swift’s tour.
The debacle not only stirred outrage among Swift’s fans, but also caught the ire of politicians. Senator Amy Klobuchar criticized Ticketmaster in an open letter to its CEO, saying she has “serious concerns” about the company’s operations.
—
EMPLOYEE MENTAL HEALTH IS A HUGE CONCERN AFTER SUCH A BRUTAL STRETCH
Living in a perpetual state of disruption, uncertainty and grief can test anyone’s mental health.
And events of the past 16 months have delivered all of those in spades thanks to a steady stream of horrors, including but hardly limited to the deadly pandemic, George Floyd’s murder, the January 6 Capitol insurrection and attacks against Asian-Americans.
They’ve also catapulted employee mental health to the top of many employers’ list of concerns and priorities.
“[Employers] understand the impact on mental health is going to have a long tail on it. Once you’ve gotten vaccinated, mental health issues don’t go away. And once you’re back in the workplace, mental health issues don’t go away,” said Sandra Kuhn, the national leader for the behavioral health practice at benefits consulting firm Mercer.
If there’s any upside, it’s that the taboo of talking about mental health at work has gone down. In a survey of 1,005 employees by The Hartford, a majority indicated their company’s culture has been more accepting of mental health challenges in the past year.
“The stigma around mental health is rapidly decreasing. It’s now a part of everyday conversation. So employers have more visibility into mental distress in their workforce,” said Joe Grasso, senior director of workforce mental health at Lyra Health, which provides employees access to a network of mental health professionals and related resources.
Issues related to anxiety and depression are among the most common conditions that Lyra Health’s practitioners are seeing in their sessions, Grasso said. And there has been an increase in employee searches for race-based trauma care, as well as requests for mental health providers of color, he noted.
While many employers have had mental health service benefits on the books, they are now stepping up those offerings by providing easier and more efficient access to them, doing more to educate employees about mental health, and training managers to communicate with their teams about the resources available, Kuhn said.
Employers are also offering education about alcohol and substance use disorders, she added. Many people have been drinking more as a way to cope with stress and there also has been increased drug consumption, with the highest annual number of opioid overdose deaths reported in 2020.
Mercer also has seen an increase in insurance claims for treatment of substance use disorders by their clients’ employees and their families, Kuhn noted.
—
AUSTRALIA TO OVERTURN DJOKOVIC VISA BAN, PAVING WAY FOR AUSTRALIAN OPEN RETURN
Australia will overturn a three-year ban on tennis player Novak Djokovic entering the country, paving the way for the former world No. 1 to contest the 2023 Australian Open.
Djokovic confirmed the news in his press conference Wednesday after defeating Andrey Rublev at the ATP Finals in Turin, Italy, adding that he will compete in the 2023 Australian Open next January.
“I was very happy to receive the news yesterday,” the 21-time grand slam champion told reporters. “It was a relief obviously knowing what I and people closest to me in my life have been through this year with what happened in Australia and post-Australia obviously … I could not receive better news for sure.
Djokovic said: “Knowing that I have clarity now, what I do in the off-season, starting the season in Australia, also of course did relieve some of the pressure me and my team felt. Just giving that clarity makes it great for us.”
Djokovic has won nine men’s singles titles at the Australian Open, more than anyone else in history.
“The Australian Open has been my most successful Grand Slams. I made some of the best memories there. Of course, I want to go back there, I want to play tennis, do what I do best, hopefully have a great Australian summer,” Djokovic added.
Djokovic was deported from Australia in January after former immigration minister Alex Hawke found that he posed a risk to public health and order because, as a celebrity sportsman who had previously expressed opposition to vaccination, he could be seen as an “icon” for anti-vaxxers.
The minister’s decision to deport the player meant he would be banned from re-entry for three years.
Earlier on Tuesday, Tennis Australia’s CEO Craig Tiley said he was hopeful Djokovic will play at the Australian Open in January next year.
“There’s a normal visa application process that everyone is going through right now, and everyone will go through the right timing,” Tiley told the Australian Associated Press (AAP) news agency.
“I don’t think there should be any preferential treatment for anyone. But I fully expect to have an answer for everyone by the time that they need to book their flights and come in, including Novak.”
A source with direct knowledge told CNN on Tuesday that the country would overturn the three-year ban.
—
CONSTRUCTION COMPLETED ON NIGERIA’S $1.5 BILLION LEKKI DEEP SEA PORT
Lagos, Nigeria’s commercial center, has a storage problem. At the West African trade hub’s shipping terminals, projected demand for container space far outstrips capacity. To narrow the gap, the state has embarked on one of the region’s most ambitious infrastructure projects, Lekki Deep Sea Port.
Construction of the $1.5 billion port, located east of Lagos city, was recently completed, designed to handle the equivalent of 2.7 million 20-foot-long container units a year.
With a 1.2 kilometer quay, the 90-hectare site becomes the largest port in Nigeria, significantly expanding the country’s ability to process imports and exports.
The port arrives at an important time for Nigeria’s economic outlook. According to the African Development Bank Group, the country’s economy is projected to grow at a decelerated rate of 3.2% in 2022-2024, while the oil sector has contracted amid low production and inflation is close to 17%.
Lekki Port is expected to create nearly 170,000 jobs, according to its developers, and generate $360 billion over the next 45 years, per the Ministry of Transportation.
It is located close to the Dangote Petroleum Refinery, which is currently under construction, and when completed will be capable of processing 650,000 barrels of oil per day. Both the port and refinery sit inside Lekki Free Zone, a 16,500-hectare free trade area, the masterplan for which also contains a proposed airport, a start-up community, and commercial and residential areas.
The port, the refinery and the trade zone are among the biggest infrastructure projects in the continent.
—
‘DIFFICULT DECISIONS’: BRITAIN ANNOUNCES HIGHER TAXES AND SPENDING CUTS IN WARNING SIGN FOR OTHER GOVERNMENTS
The United Kingdom has already entered a recession and is battling decades-high inflation, eroding standards of living for millions of people across the country. Now, Britons must also stomach higher taxes and reductions to public services as the government tries to get its finances on more solid footing — underscoring the tough road ahead.
On Thursday, UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and finance minister Jeremy Hunt laid out their much-anticipated budget plan aimed at saving £55 billion ($65 billion).
“Credibility cannot be taken for granted,” Hunt said in a speech before Parliament, promoting a “rock-solid commitment” to shoring up public finances, which he acknowledged required “difficult decisions.”
The move marks a major U-turn for the United Kingdom. Less than two months ago, Hunt’s predecessor and former Prime Minister Liz Truss said the government would slash taxes and boost borrowing in a bid to generate growth. But investors revolted against the unorthodox approach, and Truss resigned after just 45 days in office.
Hunt’s new plan underscores the extent to which a fast-changing economic environment is forcing governments to adapt, as well as the need for political leaders and central banks to work in “lockstep” at a delicate moment.
For years, interest rates were at rock bottom and borrowing was dirt cheap. But as central banks aggressively raise borrowing costs in a bid to bring down inflation, that’s no longer the case — putting pressure on countries like Britain to show they can manage their debts, even as a tough recession looms.
Yael Selfin, chief economist at KPMG UK, said other countries with high debt loads could be forced to make similarly undesirable choices.
“It is definitely a wake-up call for other governments,” Selfin said.
The United Kingdom is in a recession that will last just over a year, the country’s budget watchdog said in a new forecast released Thursday. The Office for Budget Responsibility projected that the UK economy will shrink by just over 2%, and will not return to its pre-pandemic size until the end of 2024.
During the recession, the OBR said that real household incomes are expected to plunge by more than 7%, falling back to levels last seen in 2013-2014. More than half a million people are projected to lose their jobs.
Despite this, Hunt said the government had to find to a way to bring down public debt as a proportion of the UK economy in five years, and to keep public sector borrowing below 3% of gross domestic product, or GDP, at that point.
To help achieve that goal, taxes will rise. While “all taxpayers will be asked to contribute,” according to the Treasury, one big change will place more people in the income tax band for the highest earners. The threshold at which earners are taxed at 45% has been lowered from £150,000 ($177,000) to about £125,000 ($148,000).
The United Kingdom is also increasing its windfall tax on oil and gas companies, while slapping a new levy on electricity generators. Hunt previously said that the corporate tax rate will rise to 25% from April.
According to the OBR, the tax burden in the United Kingdom is on track to rise to the highest sustained level since World War II.
Public spending, meanwhile, will be curtailed — though a big chunk of the reductions will take place in two years, after the next election.
“We do have to take difficult decisions on public finances, so we’re going to grow public spending, but we are going to grow it more slowly than the growth in the economy,” Hunt said.
He also said that while Britons would continue to receive support for their energy bills beyond next spring, average households should expect to pay £3,000 ($3,541) annually, up from £2,500 ($2,951).
This time around, investors appeared to be on board. The pound fell 0.8% following Hunt’s speech, to $1.18. It’s risen nearly 5% since Truss stepped down, but remains nearly 13% lower against the US dollar this year. Yields on benchmark 10-year UK government bonds, which move opposite prices, rose slightly to 3.19%.
But there is a risk that the recession could last longer than the OBR has predicted, or that the recovery could be weaker. The Bank of England has said the United Kingdom could be in a recession for two years. That would require the government to recalibrate its plans once more, Selfin said.
“The main worry is that as we progress, we could see a slightly worse environment than what the OBR was forecasting, and therefore the improvements in the public finances may not be as fast,” Selfin said, noting that markets could again become “nervous” in that case.
—
CRISTIANO RONALDO RISKS RUINING HIS LEGACY AFTER TV INTERVIEW SLAMMING MANCHESTER UNITED
“You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain,” Harvey Dent says in Batman’s “The Dark Knight,” foreshadowing his descent from a hero to a villain.
Could the same be said about Cristiano Ronaldo?
It is no secret that the Portuguese superstar has not enjoyed a fairytale reunion with Manchester United ever since he returned to Old Trafford last year.
In the latest twist in the saga between Ronaldo and United, clips from an explosive interview with Piers Morgan for Talk TV were released this week in which Ronaldo said he had been “betrayed” by the club.
The full interview will be released over two nights on Wednesday and Thursday.
Specifically, Ronaldo is unhappy with new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag, who dropped the forward after he left Manchester United’s game against Tottenham Hotspur last month before the end of the match.
“I don’t have respect for him because he doesn’t show respect for me,” Ronaldo said. “If you don’t have respect for me, I’m never gonna have respect for you.”
Ronaldo enjoyed unprecedented success at Manchester United after joining the club in the summer of 2003. Over the next six years, he would transform himself from a tricky winger into the best player in the world – collecting the first of his five Ballon d’Ors in 2008.
In that time, he won three Premier League titles, the FA Cup, two League Cups and the Champions League – a tournament with which Ronaldo has since become synonymous.
But since returning to England, he has not enjoyed the same success. Last season was Ronaldo’s first in 17 years in which he did not win any trophies, a stretch going back to his first stint at the club.
Since trying to force a move away from United over the summer, Ronaldo has featured sparingly, only making 16 appearances for the Red Devils.
That number is unlikely to increase after the Talk TV interview, which may well spell the end of his time in Manchester.
Ronaldo now says he feels like he was being forced out of the club by ten Hag, but what he failed to mention was that he was the one pushing for a move in the summer after United failed to qualify for the Champions League.
In the interview, he also reflected on his personal tragedy. Earlier this year, he and his partner, Georgina Rodríguez, announced their baby son had died.
Ronaldo also said his baby daughter ended up in the hospital this year, which he cited as the reason he missed the majority of preseason training with United.
But after taking aim at his coach, former teammates, the club, and the owners, many have been dismayed by Ronaldo’s swipes at his employer.
“I’m totally baffled and confused as to why he’s done this interview,” former England international turned pundit Jermaine Jenas said on BBC’s Match Of The Day 2.
“We’ve seen nothing but almost petulance throughout the whole year with the walking down the tunnel. Today he was supposedly ill. Now he’s doing interviews with Piers Morgan.
“He’s a frustrated player. Whether he feels lied to or not, today just doesn’t feel right to me. He has to be [done at United].”
Beth Tucker, a presenter for United fan channel The United Stand, appreciated Ronaldo’s criticism of the United ownership, but not of how he treated the club or ten Hag.
“If he wanted to hit the club, he should have come out against the Glazers. He shouldn’t have come out against the manager as well,” Tucker said on The United Stand.
“He thinks he is [bigger than Ten Hag] and in the footballing world he is, but at Manchester United right now he’s not. No player is bigger than the club and the manager.”
This summer, Ronaldo was linked with a variety of teams, including Atlético Madrid, Chelsea, Napoli, Bayern Munich and even a return to Sporting Lisbon, where he emerged as a talent 20 years ago.
But despite his tag as an elite striker and his haul of 18 goals last season, Ronaldo seemed incapable of attracting any offers to take him away from United.
One of the reasons is his immense salary at United, which his current deal believed to be in the region of $560,000 a week.
But the bigger turn off for clubs may be the behavior of Ronaldo, who has now twice left matches early this season and has done an interview in which he openly disparages his club.
When Bayern was connected to signing Ronaldo this summer, the club’s CEO Oliver Kahn was quick to say that the player “wouldn’t be a fit.”
He said: “I love Cristiano Ronaldo and everyone knows how fantastic he is. But every club has a certain philosophy and I’m not sure if it would be the right thing for Bayern and the Bundesliga if we signed him now.”
Despite his impressive personal haul last season, Ronaldo was routinely criticized for his behavior at United – both on and off the pitch, where other players seemed to be sacrificing their own talent to service the superstar.
On Monday, Ronaldo tweeted that he had “total and absolute focus on the work of the national team” ahead of the World Cup, which gets underway this week.
When contacted by CNN, Man United and the Glazer family said they had no further comment following an original statement on the matter.
In that statement, the club said: “Manchester United notes the media coverage regarding an interview by Cristiano Ronaldo. The club will consider its response after the full facts have been established.
“Our focus remains on preparing for the second half of the season and continuing the momentum, belief and togetherness being built among the players, manager, staff, and fans.”
Some, including former United defender Rio Ferdinand, believe Ronaldo’s association with the club will have to come to an end.
“This has all been manufactured for one thing – and that’s for him to leave the club,” Ferdinand said on his Vibe with Five podcast.
“I don’t feel the club will take him back and I don’t think that he wants to come back. This is all manufactured for that reason.”
Ronaldo still holds phenomenal commercial value as a player and is the most followed person on the planet on social media platforms. Even with his incredible salary, most club accountants would say it is worth signing him.
But Ronaldo has struggled to find his place of late, demanding that a club not only incorporates him in the team, but also builds the team around him. For a 37-year-old arguably past his best, that is not something clubs are looking to do.
After this interview, it is also clear Ronaldo is a potential liability for an elite team and most clubs will now look at signing the forward with less wonder and more caution.
Once a hero of the game, he is in danger of quickly becoming a villain.
